The Crisis of College Entrance Exam 
As a unique method of selecting talents in China, the College Entrance Examination has gone through 42 years since the restoration of the examination system in 1977. However, new problems with the development of the country ensued. As for the advantages and disadvantages of the current College Entrance Examination system, there are many different opinions from all walks of life. What's more, some people advocate canceling the College Entrance Examination.  Despite this, from my perspective, it is absurd to abolish the College Entrance Examination in China, which not only solves the problem of talent selection, but also solves the problem of the allocation of educational resources and improves the knowledge level of people.
Under the current social system in China, the fairness in the selection of talents is indispensable, which is also the most important characteristic of the College Entrance Examination. In China, a better result of College Entrance Examination  means a better university, which means more possibilities for the future. Due to the objectivity and impartiality of the College Entrance Examination, students from various families can decide their life trajectories. If the College Entrance Examination is cancelled, many parents will use their relationships to help their children, and the students whose parents do not have social resources will have a hard time changing the future. It may increase the gap between the rich and the poor in China.
In addition, as far as the China’s national condition are concerned, the College Entrance Examination not only rationally allocates educational resources, but also gives candidates the right to make choices. For example, in 2018, there were 9.75 million college entrance examination candidates, but the enrollment of 985 and 211 schools was only 450,000. By estimating their college entrance examination scores, candidates can submit their volunteers to colleges with corresponding scores. Regardless of the grade, candidates can choose their own university according to their favorite city Thus, he College Entrance Examination not only ensures fairness, but also is the effective measure for quality educational resource allocation in China.
Most importantly, the College Entrance Examination have improved the literacy of the Chinese people. First of all, we have to admit that, China has made tremendous progress in various fields from 1977. Education is the foundation of national development, and the College Entrance Examination is the only way to test students who have been through nine years of compulsory education. It inspires students to complete the nine-year compulsory education better. Therefore, the overall level of cognition of people is also constantly improving.
In summary, although there are some drawbacks in the College Entrance Examination, according to China's national conditions, the College Entrance Examination is still the most reasonable, fair and effective way to select talents. Its fairness, distribution, and popularity are unreplaceable.