unreplaceable.	indispensable,	characteristic	trajectories.	distribution,	corresponding	possibilities	relationships	disadvantages	Examination.	Examination,	development,	perspective,	impartiality	importantly,	Examination.	Examination,	educational	examination	Examination	candidates,	Examination	objectivity	Examination	examination	development	Examination	university,	Examination	examination	educational	reasonable,	restoration	Examination	Examination	conditions,	Examination	Examination	educational	Examination	allocation	allocation	estimating	compulsory	education.	compulsory	selection,	university	candidates	candidates	tremendous	volunteers	Regardless	foundation	resources,	popularity	enrollment	rationally	candidates	concerned,	Therefore,	improving.	constantly	cancelled,	advantages	selecting	according	allocates	resources	according	condition	selection	effective	resources	knowledge	important	China’s	fairness,	addition,	fairness,	effective	drawbacks	children,	nine-year	education	different	cognition	canceling	Education	Entrance	improves	450,000.	families	increase	Entrance	entrance	students	national	Entrance	favorite	changing	Entrance	entrance	example,	choices.	Entrance	colleges	Entrance	students	Entrance	national	Entrance	progress	problems	although	Entrance	summary,	national	However,	students	Entrance	Entrance	advocate	inspires	students	complete	opinions	fairness	talents.	Entrance	Entrance	Entrance	Entrance	resource	improved	literacy	College	College	overall	between	system,	college	future.	College	current	talents	College	parents	through	million	ensued.	country	College	College	various	College	parents	China's	schools	quality	talents	current	ensures	people.	College	College	College	problem	Chinese	people.	College	problem	various	scores.	College	abolish	better.	future.	college	College	measure	scores,	College	through	College	Despite	China.	fields	select	China.	Crisis	people	choose	grade,	submit	China,	China,	unique	social	system	method	absurd	China,	better	decide	social	solves	result	system	better	China,	solves	people	talent	What's	admit	their	their	there	level	still	First	life.	Under	their	means	which	means	1977.	their	which	their	years	Thus,	since	2018,	gives	their	right	this,	that,	1977.	whose	years	there	which	there	level	their	more,	China	walks	also	been	have	from	nine	also	from	only	some	also	city	test	many	only	Most	some	from	poor	have	only	also	made	with	all,	have	most	9.75	were	most	will	many	help	fair	make	also	life	only	have	from	only	will	more	have	rich	hard	gone	with	time	Exam	The	are	gap	for	not	For	all	far	may	Its	not	are	are	who	has	way	not	way	not	own	can	has	for	new	for	can	Due	are	can	211	use	985	was	In	of	to	42	of	of	As	to	in	As	of	in	is	of	is	of	of	in	of	of	is	is	he	of	to	In	of	of	to	to	of	By	is	If	is	in	to	to	do	It	as	as	In	in	in	to	It	of	to	is	my	it	is	to	of	in	is	of	to	we	of	of	of	of	of	in	in	in	of	
